Add further information to Ness Alarm Integration regarding relevant hardware setup (#36078)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ness_alarm.markdown

  milliseconds: 0
```

### Alarm System Configuration

As part of the installation process of the IP232 module, the device will need to be configured with the correct settings. From the [iComms Manual](https://ness.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360021989074-iComms-Manual), there are 3 essential steps:
1. Setting up the IP232 module with the correct baud rate (9600).
2. Ensuring connectivity of the device on either a DHCP assigned or Static IP address.
3. Setting the alarm panel up to allow for serial control. On D8x/D16x panels this is enabled by setting `P 199 E` `1E` to `6E` to be `ON` (6E available on v6 panels and later only).

If the settings in steps 1 and 2 are not set correctly, the integration will not be able to communicate properly with the device. If the `P 199 E` from step 3 is not configured properly, data will not be sent to the integration when events occur.

> {% note %}
> **Important:** Incorrect configuration of these settings will prevent the integration from functioning properly.
> {% endnote %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% important %}
Incorrect configuration of these settings will prevent the integration from functioning properly.
{% endimportant %}
```
